What if you only want to output a list of numbers? Let's say you want to output the numbers 1 to 10, that
is very easy to do.
You can output these numbers with a span, let's say, with v-for and then n in 10, n again is up to
you
but 10 of course clearly does not refer to a property in my vuejs instance.
Instead if you specify a number here, vuejs will simply loop through the whole range of integers starting
at 1 and going all the way up to this final number here.
So then I could output n here again, n is a name of your choice and you see 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9, 10 over there on the right as we loop through these range of numbers.
So that's a very short and quick and convenient syntax if you know that all you want to do is loop through
these numbers from 1 to 10.